Derek wrote to me and he said do you
think a real progressive will ever get
the presidency of the United States or
are we doomed to forever have Obama and
Clinton types as the furthest left
examples of viable presidential
candidates I'm optimistic about this I
don't know that we'll ever get a huge
jump to the left which we would get
potentially if we had serious campaign
finance reform and just drastic changes
to the electoral process even if we
forget that the country is liberalizing
progressive izing call it what you want
if you look particularly at social
issues if you look at things like
research with stem cells if you look at
how much of a problem is in a quality
gay marriage and abortion the country is
moving to the left it's just that though
those who resist by definition resist
very favorably to quote Lewis's new
urban dictionary word because they uh
they want things to stay the same right
conservatism is about not progressing or
the slowest possible progress uh that
that anyone can imagine so yeah I think
the bar for what is the mainstream
Democratic platform will probably slowly
move to the left so that's good but I
don't know that there will be a really
big jump to the left unless we
completely upend our electoral system I
agree i think you know in general i
don't think it's the country i don't
think it's the voters who are kind of uh
i don't know i don't think it's the
voters who wouldn't allow a guy who's
really are or girl who's really far to
the left into office i think it's i
think it's money i think it's the
corporation's i think it's a special
interest groups uh i think it's uh that
whole part of the political game that is
preventing someone who is more to the
left than obama from being a real real
candidate i guess and let's be honest
Hillary Clinton I in my estimation is is
to the right of President Obama and we
don't even know that she's running in
2016 but if she is ultimately the
nominee I think it will probably unless
she evolves on certain issues be a move
to the right for the Democratic Party
yeah I probably would unfortunately but
it she would probably be better than the
alternative whoever that may be I think
we can probably safely assume that I I
don't know what you're saying on the
Republican side that not ok about that
we we may have better alternatives on
the Democratic side certainly this
program is supported directly by you
please go to david pakman.com slash
membership to become a supporter today
and get a whole bunch of great member
benefits while doing it